okay today I'm going to demo an app
called that used to be called three
banana now it's called snap dick
basically it's a simple but pretty
powerful note taking application and one
of the nice things about the note taking
application is that it syncs with an
account that you have online so let me
just show you how it works you open up
three banana and you have the option of
clicking here to start a new note and I
can just start typing immediately
whatever the first line is I'll do let's
see we'll call it academic demo whatever
that first line is becomes the title of
the note and then you have the options
here of snapping a picture with a camera
or linking to a picture from within your
phone you can upload it from your
phone's gallery phone gallery you just
start typing in whatever note it is that
you want and you could also do something
called hashtag labeling where you put
hashtag I'll through hashtag Android
I'll do hashtag research let's say and
then start typing your you start typing
your note hit save and then hit the sync
button but one thing I want to note
that's pretty cool about this is if I
hit this camera button
it brings up the camera and I can snap a
picture of some text so let me try and
do this one handedly
alright if I like what I've captured I
hit OK or I can retake it if I want but
I hit ok and now you'll see that the
text is part of my note and then i can
write little notes about the text here
and then hit save and there it is right
there that's academic demo I can see
there's a picture it's hard to see here
but you can see those it's a little
blurry but that says android and that
says research because I've tagged at
that and now I have those labels and
then if i hit the sync button right hit
menu hit sink it's going to sync up with
my three banana account online which
i'll show you here in just a second
let's set this up here let's come over
to the computer so let's see i'll sign
in simi signing in there go down here
and you can see that you can sign in
with your google account and there's my
note see it says academic demo says
android and research and there's my
picture of some text that I've taken now
had this been important or I wanted to
take some notes for my own research I
could have written those things in here
and I can actually go back and if you
see here I can hit the little edit
button and make some changes to the text
there if I want to and then over here
are all my columns and anything that's
got a hashtag like see how it says
android here I've got now a hashtag and
I can see how many notes I have that are
hashtagged Android so this is a nice
neat way to organize your note system
and you can see you know I'm interested
in some things like phenomenal
conservatism when I click that it brings
up some notes that I've taken like this
is something that I found where someone
was giving an objection to phenomenal
conservatism that I want to
to think about some things that Bergman
says about Feldman Connie cases that I
think are relevant to phenomenal
conservatism are there if you're not a
philosopher you don't know what those
things mean it doesn't really matter but
the point is this seems like a pretty
neat way to do away with note cards and
just start organizing your notes online
one other feature i'll note about snap
tick is uh there's a little share button
here when you click on the share button
you can share individual notes and once
you share them make them publicly
available and then other people will be
able to comment on these sorts of things
so I highly recommend the app and
service that it syncs up with online you
can check it out on the android market
it'll be under snap dick or formerly
they were known as three banana i think
either of those bring it up so check it
out on the market